all right looks like i have the samsung
admire buddy of mine let me borrow his
but uh yeah this is the phone new
samsung admire it's all right you know
it's it's pretty clean pretty basic
phone is pretty nice um right now on
here i'm running a gingerbread android
2.3 got my twitter messaging bestbuy
note colornote I was probably not
looking too good contact tumblr I got
the Bible got to read the Bible every
morning a Facebook actually going to
throw that away i only used it that much
got my weather on the front page gotta
see any in headlines news i was actually
kind of sad the other day when i got the
notification that Steve Jobs died that
really like hurt us really you know that
that hit the spot on like oh there it is
again wow that's um I don't know I was
just shocked to see that because I was
in the process of buying my mac and
getting it so I was like wow you know
Steve is actually gone but not still on
that because I know people have already
done lots of videos on it but this video
is about the phone thanks Steve Jobs for
everything i'm getting a mac and i'm
going to use it to the high stability
but um thank you man hopefully i'll get
off on soon but yeah about this phone as
a 3.2 megapixel camera the name is
samsung admire overall the phone is
pretty quick it's it's it's nice you
know that's already said it's android
2.3 you can download lots of apps a a
lot of stuff on here maybe run it kind
of quick for me at the moment
I was checking now showing you Twitter
and all that but yeah a lot of my stuff
is going to kind of quit because i'm on
a i'm on my Wi-Fi networking I mean
compared to the regular metropcs
services it's phenomenon which my wife I
was actually my you know actual
connection but to go back to the phone
the phone is excellent it's way better
than this this other phone they had I
forgot the name of it the I can't
remember the name of it but it was a
phone that Metro hand it was horrible
and compared to this this one is pretty
snappy I mean you can see a little bit
of lag that's not I mean phone is 130
dollars so you know you're going to
expect some faults and it's not perfect
the accent just came out with a new one
called the LG Esteem has a front facing
camera but I'm the reason I haven't
dropped this and gotten that because
actually got just got this and I don't
want to have a top-notch phone and not
have top-notch service if that makes any
sense so well yeah yeah the phone is
phone is excellent man you know it does
the job for me right now I'm able to
some mimosas I'm able to go on my Amazon
you know read my books cut him a check
my news CNN in the morning use my gmail
send me emails and all that stuff such a
nice app I like my here you probably
can't see it because of its horrible
focus on the camera but it's called mp3
music download and basically it's like a
like a line we're almost like for your
phone sep it's only for music but um the
only move over here
look quickly but yeah the finest farm is
pretty straight while have crutches in
the corner that's where I was hurt for a
minute but yeah the phone is nice and
yeah this is just my little quick review
nothing spectacular just want to show
you how the phone you know works and I
probably have another updated review of
this and you know this is my samsung
admire and you know far they all want to
know my passcode Oh for dinner ah there
we go it's my passcode I don't care if
NYC is it but yeah this is samsung
admire these